2.13.3 Candidate PR (#10857)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

Reviewer: markdownlint is mad about list indentation and line wrapping: https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/actions/runs/4888348980/jobs/8725923877?pr=10857

# Changes

## stable-2.13.3

This stable release improves compatibility with ArgoCD by changing the Linkerd
control plane to create Lease resources at runtime rather than including them
in the Helm chart. It also addresses a CVE by upgrading an underlying
dependency.

>  * Upgraded h2 dependency to address CVE-2023-26964

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Upgraded `h2` dependency to address CVE-2023-26964
```

Reviewer: Also, the previous release's changelog also mentions updating the `h2` dependency to address this CVE, in the proxy section. We should maybe make it clearer that this is referring to the policy controller's dependency on `h2`, rather than the proxy's, since that was addressed in the previous release.

>  * Fixed an issue where server_port_subscribers metric in the Destination controller was sometimes absent

Reviewer: maybe:
```suggestion
 * Fixed an issue where the `server_port_subscribers` metric exposed by the Destination controller was sometimes absent
```

>  * Removed the policy-controller-write Lease from the control plane Helm chart in favor of creating it at runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Removed the `policy-controller-write` Lease from the control plane Helm chart, in favor of creating it at runtime
```

 * Updated the proxy-injector to pass opaque port lists to the proxy as ranges rather than individually, greatly reducing the size of proxy manifests when large opaque port ranges are set
 * Fixed an issue where the proxy was performing protocol detection on ports marked as opaque
 * Improved backwards compatibility between 2.13 proxies and 2.12 control planes

>  * Uses the updated the proxy initialization package leveraging a new base image

Reviewer: I might say
```suggestion
 * Changed the base image for the CNI plugin's initContainer from `debian` to `alpine` to reduce runtime dependencies
```
or something?
